#encapsulation
"""
encapsulation is the process of hiding the internal details of an object and only exposing a public interface. It is one of the fundamental principles of object-oriented programming (OOP) and helps to protect the integrity of the data and prevent unauthorized access.
In Python, encapsulation is achieved through the use of classes and objects. We can define a
class with private attributes and methods, which can only be accessed within the class. We can also define public methods that provide access to the private attributes and methods, allowing us to control how the data is accessed and modified.
Encapsulation provides several benefits, including:
1. Data Hiding: Encapsulation allows us to hide the internal details of an object, making it easier to use and understand.
2. Modularity: Encapsulation allows us to break down complex systems into smaller, more manageable
components, making it easier to develop and maintain code.
3. Security: Encapsulation helps to protect the integrity of the data by preventing unauthorized access and modification.
4. Flexibility: Encapsulation allows us to change the internal implementation of an object without affecting
the public interface, making it easier to maintain and update code.
5. Reusability: Encapsulation allows us to create reusable code by defining classes that can be used in different contexts without modification.
6. Abstraction: Encapsulation allows us to abstract away the details of how an object works, making it easier to use and understand.
7. Improved Code Quality: Encapsulation can help to improve code quality by reducing the likelihood of
bugs and errors, as it allows us to control how data is accessed and modified.
8. Better Collaboration: Encapsulation can help to improve collaboration between developers by providing a clear and
well-defined interface for working with objects, making it easier to share code and work together on projects.
9. Easier Debugging: Encapsulation can make it easier to debug code by allowing us to isolate and test specific components of an object, rather than having to test the entire object at once.
10. Improved Performance: Encapsulation can help to improve performance by allowing us to optimize the internal
implementation of an object without affecting the public interface, making it easier to improve the efficiency of code.

"""